good afternoon everybody and welcome to
this beautiful sunny afternoon on the
steps of Monument Circle thank you all
very much for being here this afternoon
and I'm delighted also to see many many
of the orchestra been rehearsing this
morning Zach depew is here our concert
master and it's good to have the
musicians with us for this very
important announcement my name is Simon
krupal I'm the president and CEO of the
Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra we
conducted a worldwide search for our new
music director and we selected someone
whose energy and enthusiasm for the post
is matched only by his extraordinary
musical talent and artistry after his
first visit here in April which in fact
was his American debut we knew we had to
see him again as soon as possible and he
returned to open our Marsh symphony on
the Prairie Series in June our new music
director hails from Warsaw Poland where
he graduated from the shop a music
academy in 2007 he was appointed chief
conductor of the tron time symphony
orchestra in norway this year and he's
establishing a very strong reputation
with orchestras in Europe and in the Far
East in addition to our appointment
today as music director he has also been
appointed an adjunct professor of music
at the Indiana University School of
Music please join me in welcoming to
Indianapolis to Indiana and to the
United States the seventh music director
of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra
Christophe orbanski
Thank You Simon thank you all
and first of all thank you is our
musicians it will be a great privilege
to be your music director and I look
forward to working with you I got to
know indianapolis in my recent visits
here and i'm very impressed by the
warmth of its people my wife Donna and I
have received a tremendous and
tremendous welcome thank you to be the
music director of an american symphony
orchestra is actually the fulfillment of
my dreams and I'm very excited about
what the future holds but first of all I
just simply can't wait to share to share
my love of music with this great
community thank you
thank you Chris stuff and actually I'm
delighted to announce that Christopher
will be sharing his love of music with
the community a little sooner than we
expect he'll be appearing here on May 20
and 21 2011 where he'll be conducting
Mendelssohn's Italian symphony and the
Sibelius Violin Concerto so please get
your tickets soon his first year as
music director starts in September 2011
so this is a very rapid arrival and
we're very delighted about that now
please welcome our Board Chair mr. John
Thornburg thanks Simon on behalf of the
board of directors of the symphony it's
my pleasure to welcome their urbanski to
the symphony but equally important to
the great city of indianapolis in the
state of indiana where we're looking
forward to them becoming an important
part of the fabric of the community I
also think we as you can see we think we
made the right decision and I want to
give a special thank you to our search
committee which was composed of a number
of members of the Board of Directors the
community and the musicians they
obviously did a great job
one final order of business it's my
pleasure to welcome to the podium the
honourable greg ballard mayor of the
city of indianapolis for a few words
thank you John I good afternoon and
thank you for everybody coming out on
this a beautiful day I really want to
thank everybody involved with the with
the symphony orchestra for being such an
integral part of our community I think
everybody knows that and each year they
seemed to outdo the pre the prior year
like the printing partners pop series
the lily classical series the young
professional 40 events symphony on the
Prairie and beyond that and they all
contributed to our really vibrant
cultural community I know this will only
be enhanced by the addition of Christoph
so I want to say on behalf of the city
Minneapolis welcome Kristoff and Joanna
I've glad your hair thank you but you
know the talent is known talent is
energy and artistic vision that he
brings to our city will be very valued
amongst our arts patrons I think
everybody knows that by the musicians by
the symphony goers like the overwhelming
support and it was overwhelming support
by the search committee and the Symphony
musicians has really attributed to his
great skills and his worldwide acclaim
and undoubtedly he will draw music
lovers from near and far so when he
conducts and leaves our orchestra and
night so I wish him all the best as he
embarks on this new jersey and as he
guides our Symphony and bringing the
beautiful music to our city and beyond
so it's extremely important it's a great
day obviously but I there's one there's
one morning I should I should give him
right now he needs to understand I'm a
Marine I expect results
maestro here is your baton get to work
thank you
thank you very much that concludes this
afternoon ceremonies but you should make
sure you get on leaving here a little
card which will allow you to download my
strobe and skis performance of the
Dvorak New World Symphony when he was
here last April you'll be able to go to
instant uncle calm and listen to that
and get a early sample of the delights
in store for us musically here and end
in Indianapolis thank you so much for
being with us today have a good
afternoon